README.md, before:

# WorkInProgress GDD

## Document Overview

[Title Page](#title-page)    
	- [Game Name](#game-name)
[Overview](#overview)    
	- [Genre](#genre)    
	- [Concept](#concept)     
	- [Target Audience](#target-audience)    
	- [Look and Feel](#look-and-feel)    
[Gameplay and Mechanics](#gameplay-and-mechanics)    
	- [Gameplay](#gameplay)
		- [Game Progression](#game-progression)    
		- [Missions/Challenge Structure/ Objectives](#missionschallenge-structure-objectives)    
		- [Mechanics](#mechanics)
		- [Game Options](#game-options)
		
[Story, Setting and Character](#story-setting-and-character)    
[Interface](#interface)    
[AI](#ai)    
[Technical](#technical)    
[Game Art](#game-art)    

## Title Page
### Game Name
Work In Progress
WIP

## Overview
### Genre
Unclear Small Multiplayer Servers or Massive Multiplayer    
RPG/Sandbox/Open World

### Concept
A progression focused Game, where the Player starts with nothing and no knowledge at all.    
He can start collecting basic items to create tools and equipent to increase his knowledge at those skills and start collecting more advanced stuff.
In an Open World with respawning resources he may advance through different ages of technology and start going into "caves" or "dungeons" to collect some rarer stuff.    
He has the choice whether to focus on combat, mining, crafting specific stuff etc. and advances in this skill tree.    
Either he has to master all of the different progression systems or trade and collaborate with other players.    
When a Player has reached a specific point in the game he can unlock his own island where he can put 
processing machines and chests etc...    

### Target Audience
Players of each age but 14+ ? Because they should bring a little knowledge on basic progress ages. May be confusing for younger ppl.    

### Look and Feel
This one is a hard choice because it impacts the whole atmosphere of the game. It should be an 2D with an isometric view. The Movement and the controls should be easy to understand. And the UI should only contain the most necessary components with expandable options.     

## Gameplay and Mechanics
### Gameplay
#### Game Progression
Okay this one might be one of the most complicated things in the game by far.   
Between the 3 Choices of Progression of DIC(k) ^^ Direct, Independent and Customisable every Component can be in this Game. The Main Focus as explained in the Concept should be on starting with nothing and advancing to some high tech industry. 
Albion Online's skill tree might be a bit overwhelming at first because it's huge like the POE's one but inherits the main aspects of the Customisable Progression System i want for it. It defintly has no to look like the same but should contain the main Attributes of it:    
- Choosing Between Combat, Farming, Travelling, Crafting, Taming, Cooking ...    
- Then choosing between the next skills in this path wheter you want to become a Ranger, Mage or Meele in Combat or wheter you want to craft armour, weapons, tools... Then you can choose what kind of armor, weapons or tools you want to focus on so the skill tree really looks like a tree with a root, branches and leafs...    
- When you choose a Path where you want to Progress on you'll need maybe Tools for Farming which is in the Crafting Skill, or Weapons and Armour in the Fighting Skill which is crafting by with forging through ores in the mining etc. You could also become a magician but you need herbs for potions or Cloth armour to cast better spells. That were some examples where you can either go for all the skills you'll need or buy/trade with other players so you increase your combat skills alot faster.    
- Also you can increase your skills not only by progressing further in the tree, you can stay and increase your "Efficiency" and "Quality" at a "lower tier" Skill.   

That was about the "Skill tree". Because this one might be to big the different skill types should be in different tabs for organisation.    
This is not the only progression you can make, surely you need it for progress but it should be just a "helper" for the core principles of progression.    
The main focus of the game should be on the collecting and refining part. Either through combat to earn rare items or through collecting, woodcutting, mining etc.    
The Progression should be very realistic and a very slow pace.
You can start with collecting sticks, vines and diffrent stones to create some of your first tools. You should even shape or sharp your stones where you need specific ones for this process. Cool now you got an axe but you cant carry much more than that. You could refine the Vines to make a bag but you need a knife for it. Or you can use that axe to get some wood for a chest. It should be your choice to think about how you progress. After that you feel tired and hungry maybe thirsty -> you should gather some resources to take a nap, make some food or even collect some clay to make bottle of water for the day, to recharge you energy. When you do alot of hard work you increase you stamina to make things easyer or faster for you. This will be just the start of the game. Maybe you find some iron dust in the water but you cant even smelt it. You need a blast furnace out of clay some charcoal and a steady supply of air to heat it up. Even a shape to put the smelt iron in it.
This can be expanded to much higher level to even gathering the diffrent materials through specific processes to a later on chemical refinery to increase the quality of the finished items.

Also food is a necessary resource for every player so it also can be a postive or negativ influence to your working behaviour, by feeling good increasing your productivity or maybe making you vomit every 20 sec or so.

Ok now to the Caves and or Dungeons. I haven't really thinked about them much but it really should be rewarding enough to fully commit to them if you want. The skill cap can be high and also rewarding by completing difficult dungeons in a party. Either having a "Portal" to a random create dungeon with predetermined difficulty or a layer/level based floor design. It might become more visible in development.    

#### Missions/Challenge Structure/ Objectives
Ok this one might be not new but it should be a goal for yourself to get to the top of progression, of economy, having a cool own island with every machine/crafting station that exist or become the most powerfull arch mage on the server. Maybe you want to master all of the skill trees. Who knows? =)    
But there can also be some daily missions for each skill tree with rewarding exp or items which can help you to progress further.     
These missions can be everything like craft this or trade with someone else, increase this skill x times, kill x of this, clear dungeon with level x, eat this, explore something new ...     

### Mechanics

### Game Options

## Story, Setting and Character

## Interface

## AI

## Technical

## Game Art

Commit message:

Created the new 3D Engine Project

README.md, after:

# WorkInProgress GDD

## Document Overview

[Title Page](#title-page)    
	- [Game Name](#game-name)
[Overview](#overview)    
	- [Genre](#genre)    
	- [Concept](#concept)     
	- [Target Audience](#target-audience)    
	- [Look and Feel](#look-and-feel)    
[Gameplay and Mechanics](#gameplay-and-mechanics)    
	- [Gameplay](#gameplay)
		- [Game Progression](#game-progression)    
		- [Missions/Challenge Structure/ Objectives](#missionschallenge-structure-objectives)    
		- [Mechanics](#mechanics)
		- [Game Options](#game-options)
		
[Story, Setting and Character](#story-setting-and-character)    
[Interface](#interface)    
[AI](#ai)    
[Technical](#technical)    
[Game Art](#game-art)    

## Title Page
### Game Name
Work In Progress
WIP

## Overview
### Genre
Unclear Small Multiplayer Servers or Massive Multiplayer    
RPG/Sandbox/Open World

### Concept
A progression focused Game, where the Player starts with nothing and no knowledge at all.    
He can start collecting basic items to create tools and equipent to increase his knowledge at those skills and start collecting more advanced stuff.
In an Open World with respawning resources he may advance through different ages of technology and start going into "caves" or "dungeons" to collect some rarer stuff.    
He has the choice whether to focus on combat, mining, crafting specific stuff etc. and advances in this skill tree.    
Either he has to master all of the different progression systems or trade and collaborate with other players.    
When a Player has reached a specific point in the game he can unlock his own island where he can put 
processing machines and chests etc...    

### Target Audience
Players of each age but 14+ ? Because they should bring a little knowledge on basic progress ages. May be confusing for younger ppl.    

### Look and Feel
This one is a hard choice because it impacts the whole atmosphere of the game. The Movement and the controls should be easy to understand. And the UI should only contain the most necessary components with expandable options.    
*Edit* Trying to create new Engine for 3D to make a 3rd Person Birds View thing game 

## Gameplay and Mechanics
### Gameplay
#### Game Progression
Okay this one might be one of the most complicated things in the game by far.   
Between the 3 Choices of Progression of DIC(k) ^^ Direct, Independent and Customisable every Component can be in this Game. The Main Focus as explained in the Concept should be on starting with nothing and advancing to some high tech industry. 
Albion Online's skill tree might be a bit overwhelming at first because it's huge like the POE's one but inherits the main aspects of the Customisable Progression System i want for it. It defintly has no to look like the same but should contain the main Attributes of it:    
- Choosing Between Combat, Farming, Travelling, Crafting, Taming, Cooking ...    
- Then choosing between the next skills in this path wheter you want to become a Ranger, Mage or Meele in Combat or wheter you want to craft armour, weapons, tools... Then you can choose what kind of armor, weapons or tools you want to focus on so the skill tree really looks like a tree with a root, branches and leafs...    
- When you choose a Path where you want to Progress on you'll need maybe Tools for Farming which is in the Crafting Skill, or Weapons and Armour in the Fighting Skill which is crafting by with forging through ores in the mining etc. You could also become a magician but you need herbs for potions or Cloth armour to cast better spells. That were some examples where you can either go for all the skills you'll need or buy/trade with other players so you increase your combat skills alot faster.    
- Also you can increase your skills not only by progressing further in the tree, you can stay and increase your "Efficiency" and "Quality" at a "lower tier" Skill.   

That was about the "Skill tree". Because this one might be to big the different skill types should be in different tabs for organisation.    
This is not the only progression you can make, surely you need it for progress but it should be just a "helper" for the core principles of progression.    
The main focus of the game should be on the collecting and refining part. Either through combat to earn rare items or through collecting, woodcutting, mining etc.    
The Progression should be very realistic and a very slow pace.
You can start with collecting sticks, vines and diffrent stones to create some of your first tools. You should even shape or sharp your stones where you need specific ones for this process. Cool now you got an axe but you cant carry much more than that. You could refine the Vines to make a bag but you need a knife for it. Or you can use that axe to get some wood for a chest. It should be your choice to think about how you progress. After that you feel tired and hungry maybe thirsty -> you should gather some resources to take a nap, make some food or even collect some clay to make bottle of water for the day, to recharge you energy. When you do alot of hard work you increase you stamina to make things easyer or faster for you. This will be just the start of the game. Maybe you find some iron dust in the water but you cant even smelt it. You need a blast furnace out of clay some charcoal and a steady supply of air to heat it up. Even a shape to put the smelt iron in it.
This can be expanded to much higher level to even gathering the diffrent materials through specific processes to a later on chemical refinery to increase the quality of the finished items.

Also food is a necessary resource for every player so it also can be a postive or negativ influence to your working behaviour, by feeling good increasing your productivity or maybe making you vomit every 20 sec or so.

Ok now to the Caves and or Dungeons. I haven't really thinked about them much but it really should be rewarding enough to fully commit to them if you want. The skill cap can be high and also rewarding by completing difficult dungeons in a party. Either having a "Portal" to a random create dungeon with predetermined difficulty or a layer/level based floor design. It might become more visible in development.    

#### Missions/Challenge Structure/ Objectives
Ok this one might be not new but it should be a goal for yourself to get to the top of progression, of economy, having a cool own island with every machine/crafting station that exist or become the most powerfull arch mage on the server. Maybe you want to master all of the skill trees. Who knows? =)    
But there can also be some daily missions for each skill tree with rewarding exp or items which can help you to progress further.     
These missions can be everything like craft this or trade with someone else, increase this skill x times, kill x of this, clear dungeon with level x, eat this, explore something new ...     

### Mechanics

### Game Options

## Story, Setting and Character

## Interface

## AI

## Technical

## Game Art
